stretch of road near tredegar was
transformed into a film set this morning
a video is being made which is aimed at
warning young people of the dangers they
face as drivers one in five young people
will be involved in an accident in their
first year on the road Kevin Ashford
went along to watch the film being made
and action this is a trauma with a very
serious purpose the fatal car crash is
reenacted with gritty realism for a good
reason gwent police want to show young
people who are getting behind the wheel
just how dangerous that can be the
stories of a young girl which one way
into too much detail obviously it's
going to spoil it for the young people
are going to watch this but it follows
the young girl who is a young driver and
a pupil at a school who then it gets
involved in quite a serious accident
involving friends and some family
members as well at the conclusion of
which then follows a her life and the
effects it has on your life their family
in the local community some pretty grim
statistics show the need for the video
one in five young drivers will be
involved in an accident in their first
year of driving and when you're young
you're 10 times more likely to have an
accident than older people the message
of the video already seems to be hitting
home what's it like to be doing it's
really scary at me a bit like oh I 1017
companies go let's get start driving
it's scary little bit allegedly and like
any way she drives a car is that few
things that's wrong it's really hitting
home or kids the whole video is to make
food as realistic as possible which is
why so much time Smith spent on Kinloch
makeup on the damage to reveal chris is
also write the emergency services for
children it's just like a real accident
we got three young girls in there
obviously one extremely distressed yeah
that's very quiet virtually everyone
involved in the making of the video has
given their time for free once it's
finished it'll be shown around schools
in gwent and it's hoped the rest of
Wales to Kevin Ashford ITP Wells news
entre diga